One of my favorite features of Faust is that the simple semantics of defining
a Faust record helps us build deserialized and serialized data. What do I mean?
Well, in the previous section when we defined a Faust record for purchases,
we were using it to deserialize data.
We would then take that same exact purchase model
and try to write data out to an output stream.
In other words, if we were to serialize it,
we wouldn't need to make any changes.
The Faust library code manages the mappings of the fields we
defined to the serialized representation and vice versa.
Since we've already seen how to find a model,
what's upgrade the representation we've already created.
Notice how we've added this binary pipe in front of JSON.
This means that when we want to use two serializers here in
succession when we send the data to Kafka and receive it from Kafka.
This would encode our model as JSON as if we sent it and then base 64 encode it.
Likewise, if we we're deserializing data,
the Faust model will automatically run this process and reverse.
It would base 64 decode the binary data and then unpack the JSON into our model.
As I mentioned, the Faust record API is not only
simple and easy to work with but extremely powerful.